Use to keep track of what I need to make/add:
https://trello.com/b/i5bqJCmP/f7-development

Use to log more specifics of what I made:
12/16:
Created a class for weapons, started on the title and beginning
cutscene. In the class has a function to display weapon stats.

12/17:
Made a trello, changed some formatting on the weapon stats (currently only supports melee)
Weapon type notes:
  melee
  projectile
  single bullet gun
  shotgun (works identically to a multi bullet)
  multi bullet gun
  explosive

Enemy type notes: (ADD MORE AS TIME PROGRESSES)
  gunslinger
  slasher

Finished intro cutscene, made enemy class, made player class
w/ inventory and worked on weapons in inventory

12/18:
Added on to my inventory, a bunch of ideas and random
pseudocode were made in my notebook, moved project to pycharm

12/19:
Got the game to run on windows command prompt. Added a README, fixed a bug.
Started to work on combat menu. Made some ideas for consumables

12/20:
Fixed bug with removing weapon and that it was not being removed,
updated F7 logo, started working on consumables

12/21:
Tried some tests with audio. Works, but the file locations are a bit wonky, so it basically only
works on my computer.

Updates: Audio should be fine, but I'd need to get someone else to help test that with a different computer.
Also made an exe for the game! Worked on consumables, started work on inspect weapon, added some more
options in inventory.

12/22:
Worked on using the toolbox in the inventory, works pretty well. Started on making a map. Fixed
a bug with deleting a weapon.

12/23:
Started to make different types of textures for different grass and stone and dirt and stuff
Added on to stuff for map-making, made percentages for the inventory health and exp

12/24:
Fixed bugs with the movement functions.

Update: The game now has movement.

YEAHHHHHH WE GOT MOVEMENT THAT TOOK ME SO LONG

12/25:
Did some changes to the gameplay ideas and expanded on them, added to the travel menu.
Found bug related to switching between inventory and travel, trying to fix

Update: Working on minigames instead

12/26:
Kept working on minigames.

Update: Finished minigames

12/27:
Revamped the movement, which now means that it works correctly, starting work on the combat

Update: Started to create weapons, enemies, and shields

12/28:
Started work on the loot from salvaging and hacking

Update: Added loot dropping for salvaging + hacking, and made 30% of all minigames
to not find anything

Update 2: Worked on and finished with spawning enemies for combat

12/29:
Worked on weapon swap and running away in combat, and fixed/balanced some health stuff

12/30:
Working on flavor text for battle, and working on a bunch of the battle mechanics

12/31:
Going to continue working on battle mechanics

Note for me: Add rate of fire/pellets stat to weapons

Note 2: Fix the showstats of weapons

1/1:
Fixed weapon showstats, working on shield mechanics during combat for the player

Update: Finished shield, working on xp gain and stuff, will work on player fighting and/or consumables
tomorrow

1/2:
Finished with player fighting + checking if enemy or player dies. Have to work on consumables and prefixes for weapons.
Also removed worn and corrosive prefixes.

Note: Might just list my current inspirations for this game now
Cyberpunk 2020
The Fallout series
The Borderlands series
Terraria

Additional Note:
Game will be ready for alpha testing with other people once i finish combat

Final note:
too many bugs.

1/3:
Fixed getting weapons from combat, bug where enemies will have too much health/damage, bug where combat
still appears when exiting game

Update: Started work on consumables, finished flashbang

BIG UPDATE:
Finished consumables
Released the first test build of the game

Here's something that def needs changing:

Nirjhor Today at 8:37 PM
Okay, so pressing in rapid succession to move does not really work
At all

matthieu Today at 8:37 PM
i think i might just change that to inputs
the keyboard listener is
it is

Nirjhor Today at 8:38 PM
and also, its a lot of delay for this

matthieu Today at 8:38 PM
i know

Nirjhor Today at 8:38 PM
id rather it be like a dialog and I say like move down, and then the distance I want to go

...

Nirjhor Today at 8:40 PM
Input any key to exit is either broken or takes longer than 4 mins

1/4:
Movement has been changed, working on music stuff + threading
Finished the first map of 3 i have planned (there could be more if i have time), working on 2nd

1/5:
I am sad to say this will be the first day where i have not worked on the project,
and maybe i might not even do it tomorrow. English class sucks man.

1/6:
Working on codex tutorials

1/7:
Finished tutorials, will work on moving from map to map

1/8:
Might have to remove multi-level travels, so that's just gonna be left in the code as a
relic. That leaves only saving and crafting.

Update: Finished the music

1/9:
Finished the shield drops for scanning

Only saving and crafting left.

1/10:
Working on saving rn, thank you Nirjhor + Dashiell for telling me about JSON

1/11:

